welcome to module 2 lesson two daily
optimizations in this lesson we're going
to cover the daily optimizations you
should be implementing in your Google ad
accounts to turn clicks into profits
let's open up our optimization workf
template and jump into it all right so
if you haven't already make a copy of
the optimization workflow template in
your workbook or in the description box
down below and let's just go ahead and
talk over the daily items like I
mentioned I went ahead and linked
different Loom videos for each one so if
you want to see specifics you can just
because I know it'll be way too much for
a 10-minute lesson but just kind of
talking through each step here so you
get the the The Helpful context is on a
daily basis you should be reviewing your
budgets right this is pretty
self-explanatory you want to make sure
you're not over pacing you're not
overspending uh you want to make sure
that you're reviewing your budget pacing
on a daily basis so that you're good
there you want to be adding in any
relevant negative keywords so you want
to go into your Search terms report and
every single day you want to make sure
you are reviewing your Search terms
report and you're comparing your Search
terms to your keywords and you're adding
in relevant negative keywords a really
Pro tip is you can come and actually
build a report for Search terms and you
can have it emailed to you on a daily
basis so you don't have to like come
back into Google ads and and manually
get there you can just export a list to
you and it'll send it to your email so
the way you do it is you just come here
you can search search terms
and then you can put uh
keyword oops not the ID it would be the
the
name and then you would put cost so all
the things that you care about right
cost if you're using a custom conversion
action right cost per
SQL uh as an
example and then I can see which are my
best search terms I can put conversions
here right any any information I want uh
but essentially I'm going to sort by
cost here high to low and then I can see
the the keywords that we're investing
the most money in I have to have these
blurred here because it's uh exposing
the client but we can see which keywords
are mapping to our Search terms and then
based on cost exclude the ones that
don't make sense and uh and you know
handle that accordingly and the way you
would schedule it is you would just go
here click schedule and then you can
schedule the report so you can say shend
it to me on a weekly basis every Monday
you can give it a
name and then you can add your email
here and it'll send it to you every
single Monday depending on the the
frequency you put so it's a really easy
way to just stay on top of your search
rooms report I cannot stress this enough
this is how you make sure the quality
side of the traffic is good so that way
you you solve that part of the variable
and then you can really focus on your
lighting pages and
optimizing next is to review and adjust
bids if applicable so if you are using
something like manual bidding make sure
you're you're adjusting your bids
accordingly so if you're throttling
yourself increasing your bids so you can
actually get visibility if you're using
something like maximize clicks with a
bid cap make sure that you take a look
at your average cost per click in
relation to your bid cap and you're
increasing it if you notice that your
average cost per click is really close
to your bid cap you could be throttling
yourself if you're using Target CPA
bidding make sure that the CPA Mount
that you set is large enough if you
notice you're not getting enough
deliverability you can try increasing it
by 20% increments and then just seeing
what your deliverability looks like over
time uh so that you know you're actually
spending your budget so that's it for
this these are some core daily things to
keep in mind and to to look at in terms
of optimizing your Google ad account
your action item for this lesson is to
implement the daily workflow
optimizations as shown in this lesson I
hope you received a ton of value so far
please share at verion with your
colleagues or leave us testimonial we
appreciate your help spreading the word
see you in the next one
[Music]